[Doc] Refactor Profiler (#6142)
taichi-dev/taichi: docs/lang/articles/performance_tuning/profiler.md

## Overview

> High-performance numerical computation is one of the key features of Taichi. To better measure the performance of Taichi programs, Taichi provides profiling tools that collect both hardware and Taichi-related information. They play an important role in the quantitative analysis of program performance, bottleneck identification, and optimization. They can also be used as debugging tools for developers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To facilitate code debugging and code optimization, Taichi provides a set of profiling tools, which collect hardware and Taichi-related information to quantify program performance and analyze where bottleneck occurs.
```
- Feature: selling point. By using "feature", you changed the intended meaning. 
- "To better measure" is not authentic English. 
-  I spent some time sorting out the causal relation in the sentence.

> Currently, Taichi provides two profilers:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, Taichi provides two profiling tools:
```

- `ScopedProfiler` analyzes the performance of the Taichi JIT compiler (host).

> - `KernelProfiler` analyzes the performance of Taichi kernels (device). Its advanced mode provides detailed low-level performance metrics (such as memory bandwidth consumption).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `KernelProfiler` analyzes the performance of Taichi kernels (device). Its advanced mode provides detailed low-level performance metrics, such as memory bandwidth consumption.
```

`ScopedProfiler` is a C++ class in Taichi.
:::

## KernelProfiler

`KernelProfiler` retrieves the kernel profiling records from the backend, counts them in the Python scope, and prints the results to the console.

1. To enable this profiler, set `kernel_profiler=True` in `ti.init`.
2. To display the profiling results, call `ti.profiler.print_kernel_profiler_info()`. There are two modes of printing:
    - In `'count'` mode (default), the profiling records under the same kernel name are counted as one profiling result.
    - In `'trace'` mode, the profiler shows you a list of kernels that were launched on hardware during the profiling period.
    This mode provides more detailed performance information and runtime hardware metrics for each kernel.

> 3. To clear records in this profiler, call `ti.profiler.clear_kernel_profiler_info()`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. To clear the records in this profiler, call `ti.profiler.clear_kernel_profiler_info()`.
```

`ScopedProfiler` is a C++ class in Taichi.
:::

## KernelProfiler

`KernelProfiler` retrieves the kernel profiling records from the backend, counts them in the Python scope, and prints the results to the console.

> 1. To enable this profiler, set `kernel_profiler=True` in `ti.init`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. To enable this profiler, set `kernel_profiler=True` when calling `ti.init()`. 
```

2. To display the profiling results, call `ti.profiler.print_kernel_profiler_info()`. There are two modes of printing:
    - In `'count'` mode (default), the profiling records under the same kernel name are counted as one profiling result.

>     - In `'trace'` mode, the profiler shows you a list of kernels that were launched on hardware during the profiling period.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - In `'trace'` mode, the profiler shows you a list of kernels launched on hardware during the profiling period.
```

for i in range(8):
    fill()
ti.profiler.print_kernel_profiler_info('trace')
ti.profiler.clear_kernel_profiler_info()  # Clear all records

for i in range(100):
    fill()
ti.profiler.print_kernel_profiler_info()  # Default mode: 'count'
```

> The profile produces the following output:

Author: ```suggestion
The profiler produces the following output:
```

> The profiler produces the following output:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The profiler outputs the following:
```

=========================================================================
```

:::note

> - A kernel that has been fully optimized by the compiler would not generate profiling records.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A kernel that is fully optimized by the compiler does not generate profiling records.
```

- One kernel may generate multiple records of parallel for loops because they are divided into different tasks and assigned to separate devices.

> - Currently, `kernel_profiler` only supports CPU and CUDA. Ensure that you call `ti.sync()` before performance profiling if the program is running on GPU.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `kernel_profiler` supports CPU and CUDA only. Ensure that you call `ti.sync()` before performance profiling if your program is running on GPU.
```

- `jit_evaluator_xxx` can be ignored because it is automatically generated by the system.

> - You are recommended to run performance profiling several times to observe the minimum or average execution time.

Reviewer: "You are recommended to do" is not grammatical. Use either of the following:
- Taichi recommends doing xxx
- It is recommended that you do

> - You are recommended to run performance profiling several times to observe the minimum or average execution time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Taichi recommends running performance profiling multiple times to observe the minimum or average execution time.
```
